Well, Sally we've been very
impressed with you
throughout this process.
Although you have limited
experience working
as a data analyst,
I'm really confident
in your abilities
and I think your past experience
coupled with your
current certificate will
make you an excellent
junior data analyst.
So with that being said,
I would like to officially
offer you a position with us.
Oh my gosh. Thank you so much
Jordan. That's fantastic news.
Well, as we established earlier,
this role has a starting
salary of $50 thousand,
and of course you will be
getting health care benefits,
stock options in the company,
paid time off, all of that as
part of our hiring package.
That sounds great. Can I
take some time and
think about the offer?
Of course. I'm going to send you
everything so you can take
a more comprehensive look,
and feel free to email or
call me with any questions.
Amazing. Thanks so
much for the offer,
Jordan, I promise to get back
to you soon with my answer.
Thanks, Sally, and I look
forward to your response.
Hi, Jordan.
Hi, Sally, it's great
to hear from you.
Have you given more
thought to our offer?
Yes, I have. I know this is
an entry-level position,
but I believe that based on
transferable past experience that
I'll be bringing to the table,
that my compensation should
be higher than 50 K.
I understand, and can you
remind me what your
initial ask was?
I asked for a base
salary between 58-60 K.
So with the salary
that you're looking
for, it is a little bit
higher than the average.
Can you tell me more
about what skills and
experience you feel
support that range?
I understand, and I'd
love for us to agree on
a competitive salary based on
the skills and experience
I'll be bringing in.
In terms of my experience,
I'll be particularly strong
in the communications department
after managing difficult
customers and rowdy kids.
Furthermore, due to my
diverse background,
I'll be able to translate
complicated topics easily
into understandable snippets for
others who might not be
as numbers-based as I am.
Those are the soft skills
that I'll be bringing in.
In terms of hard skills,
I earned the Data
Analytics Certificate,
where I picked up the
technical tools of
the trade like SQL and
data visualization.
So that's why I believe my
experience qualifies me to
having valuable and
transferable skills
that I can bring to the table,
which is more than what
an entry-level analyst
with absolutely no experience
would be bringing in.
Well, I feel like
that's impressive,
and like I said,
we think you'd be a
great fit for this team.
So we would like to meet
you in the middle and offer
you 56 thousand with
obvious room for growth.
I appreciate this offer and
your willingness to be
flexible. I think that's fair.
So I'd like to officially accept
the role of junior data
analyst with your company.
Wonderful. Well, I
will be sending you
all of the proper
paperwork and get you
started onboarding
as soon as possible.
You'll be an excellent addition,
Sally. We're really glad
to have you join us.
Thank you, Jordan, and I'm
super excited to get started.